Adds description for aas-gui module option `visibleOnRoutes` (#85)
eclipse-basyx/basyx-wiki: docs/source/content/developer_documentation/basyx_web_ui/developing_custom_modules.md

Reviewer: There should also be an addition here: https://wiki.basyx.org/en/latest/content/developer_documentation/basyx_web_ui/developing_custom_modules.html#modules-in-the-main-menu
under `Menu behavior`

| `isVisibleModule` | Controls menu visibility (route still accessible) |
| `isOnlyVisibleWithSelectedAas` | Only visible when an AAS is selected |
| `isOnlyVisibleWithSelectedNode` | Only visible when a Submodel or SME is selected |

> | `visibleOnRoutes` | Only visible for specified routes (e.g. 'AASEditor' or 'SMEditor') |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `visibleOnRoutes` | Only visible when coming from specified routes (e.g. 'AASEditor' or 'SMEditor') |
```
